welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're going to attempt to manage our way
through a haunting from an evil mr.
Tumnus with the 2009 film drag me to
hell let's get to it we open at the
Bodega Bay Hotel where the mistress of
the house is sought for help with the
young thief who's been hearing voices
and having nightly visitations she tries
to realign his chakras with a sage burn
but it doesn't go well and he finds
himself being welcomed into the warm
embrace of hell but it should be pointed
out that he never stole again we then
transitioned to Christine in modern day
we find her on an uphill climb crushing
it at work making dreams come true and
gunning for that assistant manager
position she's in direct competition
with Stu an aggressive go-getter also
known as an [ __ ] she spends lunch
with her boo clay who just achieved his
doctorate in psychology and is played by
Justin Long
Rimmer Justin guys anyway his mom's a
[ __ ] and openly attempts to set him up
with a more socially advantageous mate
given this Christine decides it's time
to show she's got the same balls as any
man and sticks it hard to her next
customer a filthy cur looking for an
extension on her mortgage don't you try
nah fam I'm trying to get my life
straight she gives her the bad news and
then is graced with the worst possible
outcome shaming mrs. ghanoush in the
process this leads to a startling and
brutal confrontation in the parking
garage characterized by a stapler
assault excessive chin gumming and is
capped off with a classic button curse
clay tries to reassure her later but
christine has the distinct sense her
life is now haunted so she goes in for a
psychic reading here they meet rob their
spiritual guide after a little
intellectual dick wagging and Freud said
destiny was not an act of fate but
rather something created by her
subconscious to control our encounters
choices get over it clay psychology
isn't even a hard science things get
spooked astok and Rob declares her
cursed by a dark spirit sure enough that
night while baking and evil wind passes
through the house enlightened shadow
danced upon the wall of voguing a
sinister silhouette that ends up
knocking her down she eventually comes
to accept the doctor's analysis that
this event represents her re-experience
trauma from her earlier attack despite
all of this trauma she's back at work
the next day like a true American hero
although she's unable to concentrate on
productivity due to some disturbing
visions in an actual physical
manifestation at proud
should have gotten a branch at least
temporarily closed down she attempts to
go to mrs. Canisius residence to make
everything all right but is unable
because mrs. Kadosh is dead she finds
herself in the middle of a gypsy wake
where she's once again accosted by the
deceased she consults with ROM who has
identified her tormentors Lamia a cursed
goat demon who terrifies its victims for
several days before taking their soul to
hell she could possibly placate the
demon with the blood sacrifice I'm a
vegetarian but not a vegan a pretty
significant daytime spook makes
sacrifice look very appealing for some
reason she opts to go domestic rather
than livestock and kills her kitty like
an absolute savage allowing yourself the
luxury of optimism she's excited to meet
Clay's parents at their home for dinner
dressed to kill and offering them a
taste of her peasant cake the dinner
unfolds like a job interview but she
nails it lightening the mood but that
cloven-hoofed bastard rejected her
offering and starts messing about
resulting in her impolitely coughing up
a fly and exhibiting other disturbing
behavior she's upset with rom but there
are no guarantees when dealing with
demons
he offers her outside consultation at
the price of ten thousand dollars she
goes to pawn her belongings not
realizing the trade-in rate for DVD
players is poor to keep things exciting
she suffers a spiritual attack in her
shed where she luckily has a full Wiley
coyote setup ready to go and they
laughed when you claimed hanging an
anvil was a good idea well who's
laughing now
she only scrapes together $3,800 but
clay comes in last minute to reveal he
paid rom the fee because he knows when
his lady's in need somehow and she
lovingly stares at him with dead eyes
they arrive at Bodega Bay to find the
mistress from the opening looking to
fulfill her lifelong quest of increasing
her Lamia win rate to 50% you and your
money apparently so they dragon a goat
Nach set the lights and get down to
business they begin the incantations and
christine is instructed to welcome the
darkness into her soul their first
spooked on by some spirits who liked a
loiter near the door between worlds but
these losers are easily cast off and
then Lamia shows up and the medium
becomes his host they begin a
negotiation over the matter of her soul
and with quick thinking she transfers
Lamia to the coats
however the manservant fails in his one
task taking over hosting duties instead
Lamia takes a little Joyride in his new
body but then Shaun San Dena wakes up
and uses the power of her
and to banish Lamia to the spirit realm
before Keeling over her life's work now
complete
rom then regretfully informs Christine
that all she actually did was cast Lamia
out of the host she didn't reverse the
curse since the goat wasn't properly
slaughtered now in dire straits he gives
her the option of transferring the curse
to someone else after a near miss with a
senior citizen on the way home she
scrambles to find her envelope and
decide who to bless with this curse she
confirms with rom that the rules appear
to allow transfer to a dead person
since the soul is still intact so after
a tremendous effort she makes a whole
thing of cramming the button down the
throat if mrs. ganaches corpse things
are looking up for old Christine she got
the promotion
got a new coat and she and clay are
riding a train also he's excited to show
her that he found her old button on the
floorboard of his car
she's so shook by this that she falls
into the tracks and is saved from the
speeding train by the demons dragging
her to he'll see him you stinker
and that was dragged me to help a
well-regarded return to form for Rainey
trying to purge himself of spider-man 3
stank if you enjoy the video I'd love
for you to become a part of the channel
by subscribing thanks for watching
[Music]